AutoOrder Privacy policy
This application respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, this application will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, the application will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. This application will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this application service usage agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the full content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of this application service usage agreement.

1. Scope of application

(a) When you register this application account, you provide personal registration information according to the application requirements;

(b) When you use the application network services or visit the web pages of the application platform, the application automatically receives and records the information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, the type of browser, the language used, the date and time of access, software and hardware features and the web page records you need;

(c) User personal data obtained by the application from business partners through legal channels.

You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this privacy policy:

(a) The keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by this application platform;

(b) The relevant information and data collected by this application, including but not limited to participatory activities, transaction information and evaluation details, are published by you in this application;

(c) Violation of the law or the applicable rules and the measures taken by the application to you.

2. Information Use

(a) The application will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless you have prior permission, or the third party and the application (including its affiliates) provide services to you individually or jointly, and after the end of the service, they will be prohibited from accessing all such information, including all that they have previously been able to access.

(b) This application also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your personal information free of charge by any means. If any user of this application platform engages in the above activities, the application has the right to terminate the service agreement with that user immediately upon discovery.

(c) For the purpose of serving users, the application may use your personal information to provide you with information of interest, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with the application partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).

3. Information Disclosure

In the following cases, this application will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal wishes or legal provisions:

(a) Disclosure to third parties with your prior consent;

(b) To provide the products and services you require, you must share your personal information with third parties;

(c) Disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial bodies in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of administrative or judicial bodies;

(d) If you violate the relevant laws and regulations of China or this application service agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose them to a third party;

(e) If you are a qualified intellectual property complaint and have lodged a complaint, you should disclose it to the respondent at the request of the respondent so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes;

(f) In a transaction created on this application platform, if either party has fulfilled or partially fulfilled its trading obligations and made a request for information disclosure, the application has the right to decide to provide the user with necessary information such as the contact mode of the other party of the transaction, so as to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the settlement of disputes.

(g) Other disclosures that the application deems appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies.

4. Information Storage and Exchange

The information and data collected by this application will be stored on the server of this application and/or its affiliated company. These information and data may be transmitted to your country, region or overseas where the information and data collected by this application are located and accessed, stored and displayed abroad.

5. Use of Cookies

(a) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, the application will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use cookies-dependent application platform services or functions. This application uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotional services.

(b) You have the right to accept or reject cookies. You can reject cookies by modifying browser settings. But if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to log in or use cookies-dependent native application network services or functions.

(c) The relevant information obtained through cookies set up in this application will be applicable to this policy.

6. Information Security

(a) This application account has security protection function. Please keep your username and password information properly. This application will ensure that your information is not lost, abused and altered by encrypting user passwords and other security measures. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there is no "perfect security measures" on the information network.

(b) When using this application network service for online transactions, you will inevitably have to deal with the counterparty or potential transaction pairs.

7. Changes in the Privacy Policy

(a) If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will publish these changes in this policy, on our website and where we think appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and under what circumstances we will disclose it.

(b) The Company reserves the right to amend this policy at any time, so please check it frequently. If significant changes are made to this policy, we will inform you by way of website notification.

Party A discloses its personal information, such as contact information or postal address. Please protect your personal information properly and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially the username and password of the application, please contact the application customer service immediately so that the application can take appropriate measures.
